MsgBoxes for Crowdloans and Auction pages (#5857)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-parachains-faq.md

slug: ../learn-parachains-faq
---

import MessageBox from "../../components/MessageBox"; import "../../components/MessageBox.css";

> <MessageBox message="Parachain Slot Auctions and Crowdloans are being soon deprecated. For existing parachains, leases will be converted to coretime. See more information [here](./learn-agile-coretime.md#implementation)." />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<MessageBox message="Parachain Slot Auctions and Crowdloans will be deprecated right after [Agile Coretime](./learn-agile-coretime.md) is activated on the network. For existing parachains, the remainder of the lease will automatically be converted to coretime. See more information [here](./learn-agile-coretime.md#implementation)." />
```
